"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estée Lauder
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Unknown
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Chase the vision, not the money. The money will end up following you." - Tony Hsieh
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"If you're going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I never lose. I either win or learn." - Nelson Mandela
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"You have to be odd to be number one." - Dr. Seuss
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little
